# HW05 reading response
In A Sea of Data: Apophenia and Pattern (Mis-)Recognition, my first time to know my favorite thing to do when I'm resting is apophenia. I love watching clouds changing shapes and imagining what it looks like. Apophenia could be the human tendency to recognize patterns and associations in random data.It could be creatively used in art design and digital art. In my design experience, I always used some aesthetic association to express something I would like to. So maybe in programming or design programming we could create some images or motions with apophenia to show or just let the viewers see what they want to see. It’s true that the dirty data cannot be ignored when random data is shown and must be critically discussed. I prefer that it could be a critical narrate measure in art. We could utilize the inaccurate or missing data to generate visual works and question the reliability of the data, and express topics that are overloaded or confusing with information.

1930s How Photographs Were Transmitted by Wire: Spot News (1937) illustrate the principle of photo transmission with a newspaper company story. The use of technology to send photos from one location to another. This usually involves separating the picture with fine lines, sending the lines over wires,  and then regenerating the image at the other end. It could connect to the other video beginning with QR code.Youtuber introduces the story of development of Morse code, which also encodes the information with the length and interval of the signal. QR code is widely used now, and in China, we could use QR code combined with barcode to pay money which is really convenient. But it is my first time to learn the basic process of generating QR code comprehensively. I clearly understand the structure of QR code with Go board. Of course these code methods help us to save, recognize the information of everything nowadays with a bunch of data, but they also risk the information exposure. Some QR codes can link to apps or websites that contain information about the user's location. If a user scans such a QR code without their knowledge, it could result in their location information being tracked and recorded, violating personal privacy.
